# Answers to technical questions
1. Completing the task took around 8 hours. I implemented the assignment fully and also added logging and exception handling middleware.
    I believe it could be a good idea to expand the solution by adding additional APIs for example, an API to register phone numbers 
    and configure an interval for sending the prices of the top ten cryptocurrencies as notifications. 
    These notifications could be delivered using a Windows Service.

2. C# 11  introduced useful feature called " Required members". this allows developers to mark certain properties as required ensuring 
    they must be initialized during object creation.It helps prevent bugs related to uninitialized properties and improves code safety 
    and clarity.
    public class User
    {
         public required string Username { get; set; }
         public required string Email { get; set; }
    }


    var user = new User
    {
      Username = "Ali",
      Email = "ali@example.com"
    };

3. yes, i've had to deal with performance issues in production. My first step is usually to check the logs to see if there are any
    errors, slow requests , or patterns. we also check the server metrics like CPU & memory usage.
    
4. The last technical book i was reading : C# 12 in a nutshell but it's going forward to slow.

5. The task is well-defined and practical. It touches on real-world concepts and gives a good chance to demonstrate both coding and 
    design skills.i liked that the task allows flexibility in implementation and leaves room for architectural decisions. 
    It also reflects challenges that may happen in a real production environment.My focus would be on writing clean, maintainable code,
    with separation of concerns and testable components. I would also consider performance and scalability depending on the nature of 
    the use case.

6. {
  "name": "Mahboobeh Mohseni",
  "age": 37,
  "location": "Tehran, Iran",
  "profession": ".NET Developer",
  "experienceYears": 10,
  "skills": [
    "C#",
    ".NET Core",
    "Web API",
    "SQL Server",
    "Kafka",
    "Clean Architecture",
    "SOLID Principles",
    "Design Patterns"
  ],
  "interests": [
    "Learning new technologies",
    "Working on backend systems",
    "Building clean and maintainable code"
  ],
  "aboutMe": "I'm a software developer with over 10 years of experience in .NET technologies. I enjoy working on backend systems, solving performance problems, and improving code quality."
}








